


<h2><a name="thievery" id="thievery">Thievery</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Thievery" [1-22] -->
<h3><a name="tips" id="tips">Tips</a></h3>
<div class="level3">

</div>

<h4><a name="you_can_defend_yourself_from_other_thieves_with_3_ways" id="you_can_defend_yourself_from_other_thieves_with_3_ways">You can defend yourself from other thieves with 3 ways</a></h4>
<div class="level4">

<p>

a) Have a very high tpa,
</p>

<p>
b) Have many Inns, because Inns give you protection, increases your thievery defense by 1% if you have built inns on 1% of your acres,
</p>

<p>
c) Cast Alarm on your own province (20% more defense against thieves),
</p>

<p>
d) Hire a councilor (Melangult or Goliath),
</p>

<p>
e) Race bonus, like Giants or Humans,
</p>

</div>

<h4><a name="is_it_only_tpa_and_influence_that_affect_your_chances_for_a_succesful_operation" id="is_it_only_tpa_and_influence_that_affect_your_chances_for_a_succesful_operation">Is it only tpa and influence that affect your chances for a succesful operation?</a></h4>
<div class="level4">

<p>

No, there are more factors that affect your chances to be succesful:
</p>

<p>

a) Inns, because Inns from Age 6 also increases your chance to do thievery operations by 1% if you have built inns on 1% of your acres,
</p>

<p>
b) Cast Silence on your own province (20% better chance to succeed with a thievery operation),
</p>

<p>
c) Racial Bonuses (Human &amp; Giants).
</p>

<p>
d) Counsellor.
</p>

<p>
e) The Modifier of the specific operation (Greater Modifier = Easiest Operation = More chances to succeed),
</p>

<p>
f ) There is a Size modifier, (which only affects the strength though, not the actual success of the operation)
</p>

<p>
g) There is a randomness, because ”# base chance = random number between 1 and 100”.
</p>

</div>

<h4><a name="how_many_resources_can_a_single_thief_rob_and_what_are_the_maximum_resources_that_you_can_get" id="how_many_resources_can_a_single_thief_rob_and_what_are_the_maximum_resources_that_you_can_get">How many resources can a single thief rob and what are the maximum resources that you can get?</a></h4>
<div class="level4">

<p>

One thief can steal 15 gold, 15 food and 15 metal in one rob and the maximum is 2% of a province&#039;s total resources.
There is however also a size-protection. The bigger the difference in acres, the fewer one single thief can rob. Try robbing close to your own acres. 
</p>

</div>

<h4><a name="how_does_influence_affects_thievery" id="how_does_influence_affects_thievery">How does influence affects thievery?</a></h4>
<div class="level4">

<p>

Influence doesn&#039;t have any impact on the strength of the operation (e.g. how much you rob, how many troops you kill), but it has a (small) effect on the success chance of the operation. If you are close to 100% you have more chance of succeeding then if you are on 40%. How is the thievery rank measured ?
This is only known to The Gods. What us mortals do know however is that the more operations you make, the more &#039;points&#039; you get. The more points, the higher the rank. You get negative points for failed operations.
</p>

<p>
Each time someone succeeds in a thievery operation against you, you also lose some points.
</p>

</div>

<h4><a name="what_are_the_thievery_ranks" id="what_are_the_thievery_ranks">What are the thievery ranks ?</a></h4>
<div class="level4">

<p>

Peasant (worst) 
</p>

<p>
Bandit
</p>

<p>
Thief Lord
</p>

<p>
Thief Baron
</p>

<p>
Viscount
</p>

<p>
Thief King
</p>

<p>
Decent (best)
</p>

</div>

<h4><a name="when_you_get_robbed_is_there_any_way_to_know_who_did_it" id="when_you_get_robbed_is_there_any_way_to_know_who_did_it">When you get robbed is there any way to know who did it ?</a></h4>
<div class="level4">

<p>

You only know who is robbing you when he fails an operation. In 2/3 of the cases you get a message ( “we have found thieves from xxx (xx) in our Province. They were all executed.”).
</p>

</div>

<h4><a name="why_do_spy_on_province_sop_return_different_values_for_the_same_province_in_the_same_tick" id="why_do_spy_on_province_sop_return_different_values_for_the_same_province_in_the_same_tick">Why do Spy on Province (SOP) return different values for the same province in the same tick?</a></h4>
<div class="level4">

<p>

There is a maximum of 5% deviation of the statistics when spying on a province. This can be either positive (adding troops that don&#039;t exist, e.g. if a player has 1,000 rangers, the SOP will show 1,050) or negative (showing 950 rangers instead of 1,000).
</p>

<p>
The same deviation can also occur with Spy on Military.
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Tips" [23-] -->