
<h4><a name="how_does_the_system_calculate_the_amount_of_wizards_you_need_to_cast_a_spell" id="how_does_the_system_calculate_the_amount_of_wizards_you_need_to_cast_a_spell">How does the system calculate the amount of wizards you need to cast a spell?</a></h4>
<div class="level4">

<p>

The amount of wizards needed to cast a spell depends on the acres of the target province. There are also Knowledge (Mage Circle) that reduces the recommended wizards by 25%.
</p>

<p>
Racial bonuses can reduce it too (Elf &amp; Undead).
</p>

</div>

<h4><a name="how_is_the_magical_rank_measured" id="how_is_the_magical_rank_measured">How is the magical rank measured ?</a></h4>
<div class="level4">

<p>

This is only known to The Gods. What us mortals do know however is that the more operations you make, the more &#039;points&#039; you get. The more points, the higher the rank. You get negative points for failed operations.
</p>

<p>
Each time someone succeeds in a magic operation against you, you also lose some points.
There is also a difference in the &#039;strenght&#039; of a spell. This basically means that spells like &#039;Soul Harvest&#039;, &#039;Earthquake&#039;, &#039;Doom&#039;, generate a lot more magic points then e.g. a vermin plague. 
</p>

</div>

<h4><a name="what_are_the_wizard_ranks" id="what_are_the_wizard_ranks">What are the wizard ranks ?</a></h4>
<div class="level4">

<p>

* Ungifted (worst)
</p>

<p>
* Gifted
</p>

<p>
* Student
</p>

<p>
* Apprentice
</p>

<p>
* Maegi
</p>

<p>
* Battle Mage
</p>

<p>
* High Mage
</p>

<p>
* Archmage (best) 
</p>

</div>

<h4><a name="does_adding_more_wizards_to_a_spell_give_more_success" id="does_adding_more_wizards_to_a_spell_give_more_success">Does adding more wizards to a spell give more success ?</a></h4>
<div class="level4">

<p>

No. It absolutely does not. It only makes the spell harder to dispel. (Dispel is the only operation that gets &#039;stronger&#039; if you add more wizards). 
</p>

<p>
So cast only with the recommended amount of wizards ! 
</p>

</div>

<h4><a name="can_i_cast_friendly_spells_outside_my_kingdom" id="can_i_cast_friendly_spells_outside_my_kingdom">Can I cast friendly spells outside my kingdom ?</a></h4>
<div class="level4">

<p>

No. Friendly spells can be cast only onto people of your own kingdom.
</p>

</div>
