
<p>
In this page we will describe the Council page.
</p>



<h2><a name="councillors" id="councillors">Councillors</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>

They cost 1.500.000 gc. Lady Brienne is free. 
</p>

</div>

<h4><a name="accidentally_dropped_your_councelor_or_it_is_assassinated" id="accidentally_dropped_your_councelor_or_it_is_assassinated">Accidentally dropped your councelor or it is assassinated?</a></h4>
<div class="level4">

<p>

Bad luck. You have lost your 1,500,000 gc forever.
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Councillors" [50-244] -->
<h3><a name="lady_brienne" id="lady_brienne">Lady Brienne</a></h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
Nothing special
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Lady Brienne" [245-285] -->
<h3><a name="lady_alustriel" id="lady_alustriel">Lady Alustriel</a></h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
Races: Dwarf, Human, Elf
</p>

<p>
Bonus: +10% magic offense &amp; defense
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Lady Alustriel" [286-373] -->
<h3><a name="ungrim_ironfist" id="ungrim_ironfist">Ungrim Ironfist</a></h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
Races: Dwarf, Human, Elf
</p>

<p>
Bonus: +10% morale
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Ungrim Ironfist" [374-445] -->
<h3><a name="melangult_the_shadow" id="melangult_the_shadow">Melangult the Shadow</a></h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
Dwarf, Human, Elf
</p>

<p>
+20 thievery offense
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Melangult the Shadow" [446-517] -->
<h3><a name="goliath" id="goliath">Goliath</a></h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
Orc, Undead, Giants
</p>

<p>
+10% thievery defense / +5% morale
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Goliath" [518-593] -->
<h3><a name="arrk_maneater" id="arrk_maneater">Arrk Maneater</a></h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
Orc, Undead, Giants
</p>

<p>
+10% attack power
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Arrk Maneater" [594-658] -->
<h3><a name="raistelin_jamere" id="raistelin_jamere">Raistelin Jamere</a></h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
Orc, Undead, Giants
</p>

<p>
+10% offense magic / +5% defense
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Raistelin Jamere" [659-741] -->
<h2><a name="seasons" id="seasons">Seasons</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Seasons" [742-762] -->
<h3><a name="summer" id="summer">Summer</a></h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
10% less building time
10% extra peasant growth
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Summer" [763-828] -->
<h3><a name="autumn" id="autumn">Autumn</a></h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
10% less military costs
10% extra metal income
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Autumn" [829-893] -->
<h3><a name="winter" id="winter">Winter</a></h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
20% Longer attack time
5% defense boost
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Winter" [894-951] -->
<h3><a name="spring" id="spring">Spring</a></h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
10% additional morale
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Spring" [952-993] -->
<h2><a name="military_upkeep" id="military_upkeep">Military Upkeep</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
You will have to pay 0.6gc for every single military you have every tick.
</p>

<p>
So 10000 military will cost you 6000 gc every tick.
</p>

<p>

[expenses gold / 0.6 = total military]
</p>

<p>
[total Military * 0.6 = expenses gold]
</p>

<p>

You will have to pay 0.35kg food for every unit (sum at council) every tick.
</p>

<p>
So 10000 population will cost you 3500 kg food every tick.
</p>

<p>

[expenses food / 0.35 = total population]
</p>

<p>
[total population * 0.35 = expenses food] 
</p>

<p>

The food upkeep you see at the council page is the expense of the previous tick’s population.
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Military Upkeep" [994-1557] -->
<h2><a name="ranking" id="ranking">Ranking</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Ranking" [1558-1578] -->
<h3><a name="networth" id="networth">Networth</a></h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>

This displays your rank on networth. 
</p>

<p>
Hidden provinces will not count in this ranking.
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Networth" [1579-1687] -->
<h3><a name="acres" id="acres">Acres</a></h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>

This displays your rank on acres. 
</p>

<p>
Hidden provinces will not count in this ranking.
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Acres" [1688-1790] -->
<h3><a name="thievery" id="thievery">Thievery</a></h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>

This displays how good you are with thievery, the highest rank you have, the better you are using thievery compared to the rest.

</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Thievery" [1791-1939] -->
<h3><a name="magic" id="magic">Magic</a></h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>

This displays how good you are with magic, the highest rank you have, the better you are using magic compared to the rest.
</p>

<p>
You gain points by succeeding spells.
</p>

<p>
You lose points when you fail a spell or someone casts an evil spell on you.
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Magic" [1940-2198] -->
<h2><a name="army" id="army">Army</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>

It shows your army experience in war. You gain experiance when doing attacks, and when you are attacked. 
</p>

<p>
You gain more points when you attack someone bigger then yourself.
You cannot lose any experience.
</p>

<p>
This ranking is not supported at the moment. It is not stable and buggy. 
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Army" [2199-2498] -->
<h2><a name="average" id="average">Average</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>

How this rank works is only known to the gods. Do you best and become first. However this is a new ranking and might contain some bugs, that&#039;s why it isn&#039;t shown in the results.
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Average" [2499-] -->