


<h3><a name="human" id="human">Human</a></h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
Cities were created by humans, and that&#039;s where they they live. Humans like to put things in order, and they have done so with great success. With their thieves humans can easily find out enemy weaknesses, and use that info to gain advantage on the battlefield.
</p>

<p>

20% less resources is lost in trade caravans.
</p>

<p>
30% faster science research.
</p>

<p>
25% Stronger thieves.
</p>

<p>
45% extra thievery defense.
</p>

<p>
25% less thieves lost in failed ops.
</p>

<p>
20% faster construction time.
</p>

<p>
5% more expensive exploration cost.
</p>

<p>
10% bonus to influence.
</p>

<p>
5% extra population.
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Human" [3-566] -->
<h3><a name="elf" id="elf">Elf</a></h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
In the woods of Chaos you will find the beautiful elves. With their care for beauty - arts and the like - elves started to use magic to enchant their lands. Other races consider elves to have the best magicians in the world. Elves, however, consider their swords to be just as good.
</p>

<p>

20% less mana used.
</p>

<p>
20% magic protection.
</p>

<p>
20% better chance of success in spellcasting.
</p>

<p>
10% less wizards recommended to cast spells.
</p>

<p>
10% more food produced.
</p>

<p>
20% faster construction time.
</p>

<p>
10% slower birthrates.
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Elf" [567-1087] -->
<h3><a name="orc" id="orc">Orc</a></h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
In the wasteland the orcs have found their home. The orc way is simple but effective. If it speak and does not look orc… Kill it! If it still speaks, kill it again. With this attitude only the strongest of the orcs survive. When it comes down to raw strength, the orc is unchallenged.
</p>

<p>

10% longer time to research a knowledge
</p>

<p>
15% bonus to morale.
</p>

<p>
15% shorter attack time.
</p>

<p>
9% bonus to attack strength.
</p>

<p>
6% bonus to defense strength.
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Orc" [1088-1544] -->
<h3><a name="dwarf" id="dwarf">Dwarf</a></h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
Deep in the mountains, a race long forgotten has surfaced to the earth. Dwarves generally don&#039;t believe in magic. They are more concerned about their mines and gold revenue. The famous dwarf Thorgrim Ironbeard once said: &#039;You all might think we are small and weak. But when we surface at dawn, we throw shadows just as big as the mountain.&#039;
</p>

<p>

Starts with mining science.
</p>

<p>
5% additional income to gold.
</p>

<p>
10% additional income to metal.
</p>

<p>
70% magic defense.
</p>

<p>
20% longer attack time.
</p>

<p>
5% bonus to defense strength.
</p>

<p>
20% extra housing.
</p>

<p>
Can not research magic knowledge.
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Dwarf" [1545-2131] -->
<h3><a name="undead" id="undead">Undead</a></h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
The deceased usually make a gently but definite journey to the afterlife. The art of necromancy, practised by evil wizards disrupted that passing. And when their creations ran out of hand, the wizards were the first to be sacrificed to the Undead gods. Undead are neither living nor dead and their magical origins give them an edge in magic, even though they need to make sacrifices to use it…
</p>

<p>

20% less mana used.
</p>

<p>
20% better chance of success in spellcasting.
</p>

<p>
10% less wizards recommended to cast spells.
</p>

<p>
20% faster construction time.
</p>

<p>
30% more time to research a knowledge.
</p>

<p>
20% less resources lost when trading.
</p>

<p>
50% more food produced.
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Undead" [2132-2798] -->
<h3><a name="giant" id="giant">Giant</a></h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
The mythical creatures of the past have returned. Once thought to be legendary offspring of the gods long since extinct, Giants have come to take what is in their eyes rightfully theirs! Larger than any human, stronger than any Orc they are fearsome opponents. They are monstrous, savage creatures ready to fight for their land. When are fighting the earth is shaking and their enemies are struggling to defend themselves. Their massive size makes them ill suited for covert operations, but they can see well enough to spot enemy thieves with ease. Their army is more expensive and takes longer to train but once at the battlefield they will kill any creature on their way!
</p>

<p>

80% thievery defense.
</p>

<p>
20% shorter attack time.
</p>

<p>
15% bonus to attack strength.
</p>

<p>
15% bonus to defense strength.
</p>

<p>
14% less population.
</p>

<p>
20% slower birthrates.
</p>

<p>
20% less food produced.
</p>

<p>
Can not research thievery knowledge.
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Giant" [2799-] -->